Spinner Accent Appearance (#1338)
ni/nimble: packages/nimble-components/src/spinner/tests/spinner.mdx

import {
    Canvas,
    Meta,
    Controls,
    Stories,
    Title,
    Description
} from '@storybook/blocks';
import * as spinnerStories from './spinner.stories';

<Meta of={spinnerStories} />

<Title of={spinnerStories} />
<Description of={spinnerStories} />

<Canvas of={spinnerStories.spinner} />
<Controls of={spinnerStories.spinner} />

# Usage Docs

<br />

## Sizing

The 64px spinner is a less commonly used size reserved for large negative empty space. Only one 64px spinner should be used on a single screen at one time.

The 32px spinner is a more commonly used size for negative empty space. No more than three 32px spinners should be used on a single screen at one time.

The 16px spinner is the most compact option for tight spaces such as grid cells and dense UI interfaces without much negative empty space.

Multiple 16px spinners can be used on a single screen at one time.

## Styling / Theme

> Use the `default` appearance Color UI version for backgrounds with color (e.g. purple, blue).
> 
> Do not use the `accent` appearance on any colored backgrounds, instead use the `default` Color UI version.

Reviewer: I think these two lines are essentially saying the same thing so could be collapsed to one paragraph.:
```suggestion
Use the `default` appearance in the Color UI theme for backgrounds with color (e.g. purple, blue). Do not use the `accent` appearance on any colored backgrounds.
```

See the `size` and `appearance` usage details for information on customizing the spinner size and guidance for which appearance to use.

## Accessibility

A low-motion/low-frame rate version of the spinner is also available. It can be activated by enabling `prefers-reduced-motion`.

> When using colored backgrounds, confirm with your designer that a 3:1 contrast ration is met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using colored backgrounds, confirm with your designer that a 3:1 contrast ratio is met.
```
